Q2.1 Explain the concepts of Default Gateway in IP: 

        Default Gateway is used to reach a remote network so as to send and recieve traffic to one another. In other words to communicate from a Host in one network to a Host in another network via Router.

Q2.2Explain the concepts of SNAT and DNAT

        NAT: Network Address Translation:
            . NAT translates private address to public Adresses and vice versa it does this by using a NAT forwarding table to keep a record of these translations. This is used in the routers
            . NATs helps preserve the limited amount of IPV4 public IP addresses

        SNAT: Static NAT:
            . We have to manually keyin the address mapping as which private IP address and port number maps to which public IP address and port number.
            . This kind is used for web servers where the port numbers are usually fixed
        DNAT: Dynamic NAT:  
            . It has a pool of public addresses which has to be purchased from ISP(Internet Service Provider)
            . Here the the NAT chooses the next available public address from the dynamic pool
            . Once the transaction is completed then the IP address is released back to the pool for next usage

Q2.3
 
             A.192.168.101.2/24
            B.192.168.101.3/24
            C.192.168.102.2/24
            D.192.168.102.3/24
 
A,B,C,D are the IPs to be assigned to four computers ;
2.1What network elements are need to arrive at the above network architecture ; explain their
configurations in terms at L3/L2 Details of the IP assignments to be given to each node 

            . All the hosts on the same network
            . It would need ARP cache table
            . Switch to communicate within the network
            . Router/ Default GateWay if any of these hosts want to communicate to the external network
            . NAT if any of these hosts want to communicate to the external network


2.4 - Explain ARP
            ARP: Address Resolution Protocol:
                . Discover MAC addresses and then map them to an IP addresses
                . Hosts in the same network communicate via the Switches and Switches are layer 2 devices whihc use the MAC Addresses to communicate and not IP addresses
                . So any given Host A wants to talk to any of the host which has IP address say 192.168.0.1 a broadcast is sent to all the hosts on the network.
                once the responsible host for the given IP Address is found the Host sends its MAC address and then now the Host A caches this to a table called ARP cache.
                From here on it will use this table ARP cache to send and recieve data with '192.168.0.1' host
                . ARP request only happen in layer 2 networks
